This fast paced hands on worskhop is designed to bootstrap your Deep Learning. It quickly on boards Machine Learning concepts like regression, classification,matrix factorization etc. It introduces algorithms like k Nearest Neighbors, k means, recommender systems etc. It brings in tools like python for quick coding,pandas and numpy for data munging, matplotlib for visualization, scikit-learn for ready made machine learning algorithms. It does so with real life use cases like predicting house sale prices, sentiment analysis using restaurant reviews; real life data like people wikipedia, adult income data etc. and lots of hands on coding. We look at deep learning, deep features and transfer learning in the context of image  recognition. We dive into intuition behind commonly popular algorithm of gradient descent, forward and backward propagation in neural networks. This approach helps imbibe the concepts effectively. We go onto implementing logistic regression as single layer neural network from scratch completely in python. Later on we implement generic multi layer neural network in tensorflow.

You can download the entire course content (follow along slides, data for hands on assignments, developed code for all hands on assignments) from github repository of https://github.com/sameermahajan/MLWorkshop During the course you will develop all the code outlined here from scratch under the guidance of the instructor.  Follow along the slides that has screenshots of hands on jupyter ipython notebooks and embedded URLs to their full listing on the gihub repository.

I hope that you continue referring to programs developed here for tools, technologies and techniques (3 Ts) even as you progress through your Deep Learning career! Good Luck!
